CASMINST-5351-b - Corrections to the Image Customization and Node Personalization stpep (#2507)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/Accessing_Sat_Bootprep_Files.md

# Accessing SAT Bootprep Files

> When performing an upgrade, NCN Image Customization and Node personalization must be performed with the NCN worker node image to ensure the appropriate CFS layers are applied. This step involves configuring CFS to use the default SAT bootprep files from the hpc-csm-software-recipe repo, and rebuilding the NCN worker nodes so they boot the newly customized image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing an upgrade, NCN image customization and node personalization must be performed with the NCN worker node image to ensure the appropriate CFS layers are applied.
This step involves configuring CFS to use the default SAT bootprep files from the `hpc-csm-software-recipe` repository, and rebuilding the NCN worker nodes so they boot the newly customized image.
```

> The follow procedure describes how to access the CFS configuration. This proccedure is used for both doing Image Customization and Node Personalization of NCN Nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following procedure describes how to access the CFS configuration. This procedure is used for both image customization and node personalization of NCNs.
```

1. (`ncn-m#`) Set up a script to obtain the crayvcs user password from the Kubernetes secret.

    ```bash
    cat > vcs-creds-helper.sh << EOF

    > #!/bin/bash
    > kubectl get secret -n services vcs-user-credentials -o jsonpath={.data.vcs_password} | base64 -d
    > EOF
    
    chmod u+x vcs-creds-helper.sh
    
    export GIT_ASKPASS="$PWD/vcs-creds-helper.sh"
    ```

> 1. (`ncn-m#`) Clone the software recipe repo from your local VCS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-m#`) Clone the software recipe repo from the local Version Control Service (VCS).
```

    ```bash
    git clone https://crayvcs@api-gw-service-nmn.local/vcs/cray/hpc-csm-software-recipe.git
    ```

> 1. (`ncn-m#`) Change your current directory into the cloned repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-m#`) Change the current directory to the cloned repository.
```

    ```bash
    cd hpc-csm-software-recipe
    ```

> 1. (`ncn-m#`) (Optional) Disable the pager for git command output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-m#`) (Optional) Disable the pager for Git command output.
```

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

    export GIT_PAGER=
    ```

1. (`ncn-m#`) Show the remote branches.

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

    git branch -r 
    ```

1. (`ncn-m#`) Check out the branch for the installed version.

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

    git checkout cray/hpc-csm-software-recipe/22.11
    ```

> 1. (`ncn-m#`) List the default sat bootprep input files in this repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-m#`) List the default SAT bootprep input files in this repository:
```

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```
